c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.exe.config
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.exe
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.pdb
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.Form1.resources
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.Resources.resources
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.exe.licenses
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.exe
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.pdb
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ModuleForm.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\it-steven\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.TabbedParent.resources
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.exe.config
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.exe
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.pdb
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\HRIS.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v13.1.Core.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ModuleForm.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.Form1.resources
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.Resources.resources
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.TabbedParent.resources
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.exe.licenses
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.exe
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.xml
D:\Users\IT-Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\All New HRIS\HRIS\obj\Debug\HRIS.pdb
